then you wish you want to change
the name of this king
yes but please do it fast
I have to leave this city
ok then just let me look for some papers and
you tell me your original name and your age
but what the fuck was that
well I think I found it tell me your
name and age my name is pete to see
what fart was to fuck his mother about
guys with shits in the head are
here outside help
shit are the eyes
I will not go see
the mother thought I had finished
all this in this damn city are
viana
they play their story
no no
while we have
are two fucking zombies I thought it was
the fucking chamuco he he je je
all right
and now who the fuck threw that fucking car
maybe this time it's the chamuco to the
mother what the hell is that
movete fucking zombie son of your most important
better time training
wave, better fuck, you bastard, do not go
widow of that spider bitch malparida
but what peeling or is that what I have to
where you come all your life
pussy was taken by a peeling or usa but
what the fuck is pitingo he put him like that or
well it's called
vitiligo comes back and bring my friend
but where the fuck was it
I'm behind you Pablo the issue the belt
shit please I'm not very young just
I have one thousand 134 years
Well no way because it's time for you to be
rapist
fuck me help damn robot
with me fucking new robot son of a bitch
I bring
Oh, my legs broke, we're going to
the shit